I'm sharing the main reason why your
marketing just isn't working and how to
fix it
[Music]
hey I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100 B2B
marketing podcast business growth show
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly emails where I share actual B2B
marketing website and SEO tips useful
podcasts free goodies and more why not
give it a shot over at businessgrowth
dot email so after interviewing some 300
plus marketing experts on my podcast
business growth show and after running
hundreds of website SEO and B2B
marketing campaigns for clients one of
the main reasons why I see marketing
campaigns fail is because Founders
marketers or even sellers don't actually
know the main problems that their offer
fixes meaning their campaigns their ads
their Outreach false flat because it
doesn't resonate with Target buyers and
you might have heard the saying people
move faster from pain than they do
towards pleasure so if you can Leverage
those problems it's going to be super
useful for your marketing strategy let's
dive in marketing 101 knowing at least
the top three problems that your offer
fixes for Target clients knowing the
impact of each problem and knowing the
root cause as we mentioned earlier
people move a lot quicker away from pain
or problems or frustrations than they do
towards pleasure AKA benefits or
features so that's why nailing these is
so important and it's going to be
absolute Gold Dust for your website your
messaging your video content different
types of media your ads your social
content and much much more
no problem no sell especially when you
get into B2B more complex higher ticket
higher sales more detailed Solutions
unless someone's got something really
important something really frustrating
something that's stopping their
company's growth then they're probably
not going to invest thousands of dollars
or Pounds into your offer and you might
be screaming Samuel for years and years
people have said benefits and features
sell well the truth is at the root of
most especially complex higher ticket
sales it starts with a problem or a
serious frustration so this is why this
exercise is going to be so important so
here's how to find out the top problems
that your offer fixes
you need to start talking to your best
existing clients or Target prospects and
really understand what they're
struggling with or their common
frustrations are or the common issues
raised on sales of course so the best
place to start is with five or more of
your best existing clients that you
enjoy working with and that are
profitable for your business or Target
prospects and you want to ask them
questions like what was the main problem
you came to us to fix
what was the Tipping Point that made you
want to finally address that problem
what impact was the problem having on
your business
what do you think started this issue or
this problem in the first place how did
we help you overcome it
and how has your business changed and
progressed since working with us and the
results that we've brought to the table
if you can you want to record these
interviews ideally with a video
recording software like Zoom or similar
and you want to note down record the
most common answers that prospects and
clients are raising because these are
going to be the gold dust that you can
leverage for your copy website content
video content podcast advertising
headlines and much much more and we'll
dive into that shortly plus if you
record these interviews with clients
over video it's going to be awesome
testimonials review videos it's going to
be huge social proof to influence and
build trust with other prospects that
are reviewing your services or your
offers to push them further down the
pipeline so here's a nice exercise to
put this into play for your company you
want to build out what's called a
problem identification chart this is
taken from the well-known book Gap
selling by Keenan which is a must read
for Founders marketers and sellers so
this is going to be a three by three
chart with a top column for problem a
second column for impact of problem and
a third column for root cause so this is
where we can list out those three
problems impacts and root causes example
for us at web Choice problem might be
competitors above you on Google the
impact of that might be competitors
stealing traffic and high intent
prospects and leads searching for your
offer directly and the root cause is
neglecting SEO for your website and as
you can probably tell by now leading
with problems is a really nice hook for
your marketing or ad headlines the start
of videos or podcasts the starting of
sales so colder Outreach so it's really
going to resonate it's going to hit home
with your target buyers and then you can
talk about the impact and then you can
go into how your solution or your offer
actually fixes these problems head on
and lead with relevant benefits or
features that are tailored to how your
solution fixes those problems
and finally you want to make sure the
content and media that you've created
following this framework is then
distributed on the channels and
platforms for your Target buyers your
target prospects use and hang out on
daily hope you found this episode of use
as always if you're tuning in on YouTube
a quick subscribe is much appreciated on
the audio podcast the racing or review
goes a long way and with that I'll catch
you on the next one yes